{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 index,Original_Post,Cleaned_Post,label_original,score_original,label_cleaned,score_cleaned\
0,"Every four years the mining reward per block is halved and now we are currently mining 6.25BTC per block.\
\
Let's asume that bitcoin stays for centuries (not speculation). According to my calculations, by the year 2188 the mining reward per block will be 0.0000000000015625. I know that there's only eight decimal places available for bitcoin having the eighth decimal place as the smallest available bitcoin that can be transferred.\
\
Now my question is will we be able to mine all of it or will there be some bitcoin left on the network due to exponential halving?","every four years the mining reward per block is halved and now we are currently mining 6.25btc per block. let's asume that bitcoin stays for centuries (not speculation). according to my calculations, by the year 2188 the mining reward per block will be 0.0000000000015625. i know that there's only eight decimal places available for bitcoin having the eighth decimal place as the smallest available bitcoin that can be transferred. now my question is will we be able to mine all of it or will there be some bitcoin left on the network due to exponential halving?",Bullish,0.6989114880561829,Bullish,0.8186807036399841\
1,Most people are aware that in the US we are heading towards a downturn in the economy within the next few years. Crypto as an asset and more importantly as an actual currency hasn\'92t lived long enough to experience a major recession like what we had in 2008 and that has me thinking what our market will look like as people become more conservative investors and look to sell assets to make ends meet.,most people are aware that in the us we are heading towards a downturn in the economy within the next few years. crypto as an asset and more importantly as an actual currency hasn\'92t lived long enough to experience a major recession like what we had in 2008 and that has me thinking what our market will look like as people become more conservative investors and look to sell assets to make ends meet.,Neutral,0.7218162417411804,Neutral,0.7129954695701599\
2,"&#x200B;\
\
[Either that or we may have been exchanging for the wrong stuff..](https://reddit.com/link/zhddm3/video/cai7ghn4qy4a1/player)",' [either that or we may have been exchanging for the wrong stuff...](,Neutral,0.9105373024940491,Neutral,0.6188267469406128\
3,"$7000 loan. \
My payments are $212 a month for 3 years.\
\
$1500 is going to paying off a credit card,$2500 is going to my wife for debt owe her.\
$3000 is going into crypto (80-90% btc, rest in large cap alts)\
\
Am I doing it right?","$7000 loan. my payments are $212 a month for 3 years. $1500 is going to paying off a credit card,$2500 is going to my wife for debt owe her. $3000 is going into crypto (80-90% btc, rest in large cap alts) am i doing it right?",Bullish,0.53681480884552,Bullish,0.5960438847541809\
4,"I started my bitcoin journey in late 2018 as a way to save/invest enough to put up a down payment on a house for my family (wife, two kids and I). But as I delve deeper into what is the amazing world of bitcoin, I started to see this is much MUCH more than a way to grow my wealth. But now, almost four years later, I can proudly say I am WHOLE COINER!!! \
\
Bitcoin protects me, and more importantly will protect my children from this corrupt financial world. That is what brought me to love this asset. \
\
My plan is to continue to accumulate as much as I can throughout this bear market. I would also like to setup the two ledger nano s\'92s I have and simply get to a point where I can store another .1 bitcoin on EACH of the ledgers. .1 bitcoin for each of my sons. That way, 10-15 years from now when my two boys are at college/getting married/having kids age, that .1 bitcoin may be something of extremely high value. And of course they and my wife will also get whatever bitcoin I personally have when I deside to croak. \
\
But ya, I\'92m just really excited to have finally reached the infamous \'9321 Million Club\'94. \
\
Ps - let me know if the whole 21 Million Club thing is in fact still a thing. Or are they calling it something else nowadays? Lol","i started my bitcoin journey in late 2018 as a way to save/invest enough to put up a down payment on a house for my family (wife, two kids and i). but as i delve deeper into what is the amazing world of bitcoin, i started to see this is much much more than a way to grow my wealth. but now, almost four years later, i can proudly say i am whole coiner!!! bitcoin protects me, and more importantly will protect my children from this corrupt financial world. that is what brought me to love this asset. my plan is to continue to accumulate as much as i can throughout this bear market. i would also like to setup the two ledger nano s\'92s i have and simply get to a point where i can store another .1 bitcoin on each of the ledgers. .1 bitcoin for each of my sons. that way, 10-15 years from now when my two boys are at college/getting married/having kids age, that .1 bitcoin may be something of extremely high value. and of course they and my wife will also get whatever bitcoin i personally have when i deside to croak. but ya, i\'92m just really excited to have finally reached the infamous \'9321 million club\'94. ps - let me know if the whole 21 million club thing is in fact still a thing. or are they calling it something else nowadays? lol",Bullish,0.7787505984306335,Bullish,0.7839574217796326}